So for those guys who don't recognize this character I'm going to give you a really good TV recommendation.
I know this is not what you're here for but it is just incredible.
Go and watch Westworld.
It is the best thing that happened on TV in 2016.
But if you have not seen this, don't worry.
Firstly I'm not going to give anything away.
But secondly all you need to know is that there are white hat techniques of getting your app downloaded
on the App Store.
And there are black hat techniques which people exploit in order to push their apps onto the top of
the charts.
And I just want to draw your attention to some of these techniques.
So let's start off with some white hat techniques.
Everything that I've said in this course is pretty much a white hat technique for getting more app downloads
and ensuring a successful launch.
So here's a few more.
One is having an in-app video.
So a great example of this is the Headspace app which is a mindfulness meditation app that helps you
get into the practice of daily meditation. And what they do really successfully is that when you first
download the app, they show you a video roughly about a minute and a half long about how the app works.
Now you might think that this is a little bit excessive and given how expensive video production is
nowadays especially with nice graphics, you might thinking about skipping it.
But here's the trick.
Now both the app stores Apple and Google monitor how long users spend inside your app and that contributes
to how you rank on the app stores.
Basically they differentiate the apps which gets opened and then closed immediately or the apps where
people spend more than 30 seconds in.
So that is one of their metrics for app quality i.e. the better the app the more that the user wants
to spend time in it.
So one of the ways of gaining that metric is by having a video and that video can explain how your app
works or teach them about something that is within the niche of your app like how meditation works or
anything basically that is of interest to that user who download that particular app.
And watching a video for 30 seconds is something that is very easy to do and a lot of people will do
it and that massively increases your in-app usage time propelling you up
the app store search engine.
Now during this course, we've been mostly focusing on the iOS and the Google Play store.
But remember that there are other app stores. For example there's the Kindle store,
there's the Nook store
and in China there's all of these app stores for Android because Google Play is banned.
So if you have an Android app converting that app apk into one of the formats that can be accepted
on any of these apps stores is easy as pie.
Now it's a little bit more difficult if you have an iOS app but basically the more places that your
app is listed the higher chance that you have of reaching alternate users.
So especially if your app targets the Chinese audience or targets Asia well worth considering to get
your Android app onto these App Stores.